Current node Active LTS is v16 (#489)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/nodejs/index.html.md

## Supported environments

> Our Node.js support tracks the active LTS release and above, which is currently [v14](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) and above.

Reviewer: The team has decided to update our support policy to the "Maintenance LTS" releases, which includes Node.js 12 and newer. It's already what we did in our build matrix.

Do you want to update the PR?

> Our Node.js support tracks the active LTS release and above, which is currently [v14](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Node.js support tracks the Maintenance LTS releases and above, which is currently [v12](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) and above.
```

> Our Node.js support tracks the active LTS release and above, which is currently [v14](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) and above.

Author: @tombruijn Done!
